>> Bianca Gandolfo: What were your big
takeaways from that scope exercise?
Where did we leave off in
our little trailing game?
Who did the big reveal on the last one,
13?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: No one remembers?
That was a big responsibility.
>> Speaker 2: Like five whole minutes ago.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
it was five minutes ago, you're right,
that's way too long to remember.
>> Speaker 3: The ability that let can
be blocking scope, I didn't know that.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, that, and you
can use let and create block scope, yeah.
>> Speaker 4: You are setting the values
as soon as you call the function again.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, so
creating an execution context
every time we call a function.
A new execution context is created, which
means any variables that are initialized,
just like in a loop, right?
When you loop,
you leave a variable inside of a loop,
it's going to get re-initialized.
If you're initializing your
variable in a loop, similar idea.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Let's talk about why
we're really here, we're trying to figure
out who killed Mr. Body,
anything on Miss Scarlett so far?
So we've been going through, for
almost two days now, a lot of data.
Anyone have any hunches
about Miss Scarlett's
relationship with the murder of Mr. Body?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Thumbs up
if you think she is not guilty.
Thumbs down if you think she
is a cold blooded killer.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay, some people
don't have opinions, there is no-
>> Speaker 2: Well,
she's a viable suspect right now, right?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Speaker 4: I think we've been awfully
focused on Miss Scarlet, I mean,
we're kind of picking people here.
>> Speaker 2: It's a red herring.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah, a scarlet one.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH]